you know how that motto if it's in
made rockea and if what we are going
to be there because we found in the
outside of the burger world that out there is
a corner where the best are made
guayaquil hamburgers that have
said I still do not know you have already
tried friend cameraman that the best
it is very good this camera does not know no
convinces others in any case its
a little bit of work here because
we just came making the promise
who had already seen the flours
flying and all those things and the truth
that I'm a little bit hungry so
can work for food let's go
to ask the crisis
so that the hamburger plus super friend
cristian who is the manager of this
gastronomic moment that you are seeing
here it is correct because people are
as of all the world the most expensive with a
world
First of all, try nothing else
meat ripe brown salt
burger cheese sauce or not
they continue like this I had to manufacture a pair
many of the drops from the house of the
other
who is so mature
mature but for Ecuadorians
advanced
Ecuadorian is more mature than pizza
that is the most requested here
the process
perfect of the flesh
Y
and we proceed to put the delicious
sauce
correct and from there it happens
to an explosion in your mouth
the idea is precisely that they feel
well-identified the flavors do not have
you arrive and you feel well marked the
mature like that gave him a little bit like that
rescue her the idea to start since
we are talking let's talk a little bit in
world died with the idea the idea the idea
He came out just to make a site
of hamburgers that has hamburgers
of different nationalities but as
a picket and obviously we were not going to
leave the table outside measuring yourself to see
where are we going we all take names from
each of the characters
corresponding to the country where in
burgers and it's here let's be other
drops and good was the nightingale grandpa
For me, each one of the
hamburgers from different parts with a
picket each one has an agent
specific do not put the Japanese in the
Italian all good you know Italian that
we are ar in the savanna and we saw a small
and the simple detail let's put the cheese
parmesan then for example that has
enough that supervised the American
which is the barbie kit bible that he used but
let's just put in a corn picket
sweet
Y
I still wanted to do this myself
asked me this one advice for
all independent bands
in the chronicles
the truth is that he was very very very rich
as we always say to our
program if it is well done rocker and without
rock to us we will be there and
I think three lists thank you thank you for the
coverage thanks because by taking in
excellent account and taking advantage of that
we are eating things that given
lately it has happened to me
we are going to send to the cultural menu so
you know my dear open mouth
the batteries and find out all that
you have so to do this weekend
in the culture menu a segment I would
as the jj